---
title: "Finding your peace"
date: 2023-10-16T14:05:00+08:00
tags: ['blog', 'life']
---

It has been close to 1.5 months into my new job as a consultant working on MLOps. Frankly, it hasn't been easy, and as much as I can manage what I do on the daily basis, there has been a much needed demand for me to step up and level up. Literally every facet of my productive life has been different:

1. Learning to socialize and fit with the tech community after 1.5 years
2. Working with new people in a new role after 5 years working with the research group at Netvirta (whom I love dearly and are close friends with)
3. Working in a corporate environment where more restrictions, planning, and 
4. Experiencing working as a consultanat and never feeling a full fit between the client and also the consulting company
5. Rebalancing between the need to put more effort at day work, upskill study, painting fundamentals study, and artist branding
6. Reaccomodating to waking up as a morning person, readjusting to the lack of choosing my own timing
7. The need to attend events to socialize with what's happening in both the tech community and also my own art following

It's been a phletora of changes. But as a book I hold dearly once taught me, women has been taught to get used to changes more than men, and that's what make women stronger. I supposed I am new to this, but I'm sure I can tackle it day by day.

As I approach a new decade of my life, I am also feeling forced with restriction of time and energy, and how do I plan to spend the next decade and the following one? I know and understand throughout my past 1.5 years doing my art career what I'm lacking and what works for me in a schedule, I just need to optimize it. Nevertheless, as peope around me put it, don't take this as a destination, take it as a vantage point of which you have safety, rest, get ready, and go for the next voyage. Oh, and stay open minded along the way.

As for tech learning, I'm still interested and putting time to learn the following: 
- kubernetes based training, monitoring, tracking,  and deployment 
- LLM learning (what each model do, the fundamentals, deployment and improvement)
- AWS cerification (probably associate, as I dont know if I have any more time)
- Master studies and a new series of art prints